Unknown 0:01
Good morning. Thank you for participating. We're not evaluating you today in any way. But we're learning from you about how you set up data collection tools. With this we hope to make our product better for people like you. There are no right or wrong answers to any of the questions of asking this study. We're simply interested in understanding how you go about collecting data. We will conduct this study, mostly as a discussion.

Unknown 0:28
I'll ask you to show me how you do things using this computer and ask you questions to better understand what you do.

Unknown 0:35
Here's how the session is going to be scheduled. We'll ask you a few general questions about how you collect data.

Unknown 0:42
Then we'll go through a couple of typical research tasks, while you're working on the research task. We'd like you to think aloud, which pretty much means giving a running commentary of what's going on in your mind.

Unknown 0:58
You can talk about things you like or don't like them, feel free to say anything that comes to your mind. And don't worry about offending us since we didn't design this product.

Unknown 1:08
We will, we will record audio of you so that I can go back and review things and make sure we get everything right, we won't use your name and connection with the recordings or the results, and the recording will only be used internally, and never shared anywhere with anyone except my professor.

Unknown 1:26
How does this all sound do you do you have any questions at this point. Sounds good.

Unknown 1:32
Don't have any questions.

Unknown 1:35
Awesome. So we'll start with some basics. What kind of computer do you typically use. I use a MacBook Pro MacBook Pro, and we'll use that.

Unknown 1:46
Oh, good question.

Unknown 1:50
Oh, yeah. When did you buy them. Just about, you can give me like a derange 2016 probably. Okay, cool. And then, what kind of browser to usually run on that Chrome, Chrome. Okay, awesome. And then, when you're working with human subject data collection, how do you usually distribute surveys, either using Survey Monkey or Google Forms. So mostly through the computer, not impersonal or anything like that. Yeah, mostly through my computer. Okay, great. And then you run these through your computer or is it usually like a mobile device. I'm usually near my computer. Okay, Cool.

Unknown 2:41
Um, can you tell us your name and a little bit about hoity toity name. Did you tell us your name.

Unknown 2:50
I don't think so. Okay. Just tell us your name and tell us a little bit about what you do in terms of human subjects research and when you use data collection and survey distribution.

Unknown 3:06
Tina, and I mainly use these survey devices. And my internship when I have to send surveys to customers to ask them to review products that we've sent to them that they use so we can get their feedback and improve the product. Okay so, sort of like a preliminary market research. Yes. Awesome.

Unknown 3:34
And then how familiar are you with using computers. I'm pretty familiar and mobile devices, pretty familiar. Okay, and then how often do you use each of these, like every day. Okay so, you're pretty much like an expert with these devices. Okay. Um, and then while you were doing this internship Can you guess how often you found yourself collecting responses from people. Um, I'd say like, every two to three weeks. Okay.

Unknown 4:10
And then how well does the kind of data collection work on the computer.

Unknown 4:16
I'm actually pretty well.

Unknown 4:20
And then Did you do any type of data collection on mobile devices.

Unknown 4:25
Well, designed the survey on the computer when users had the option of completing the survey on their mobile device.

Unknown 4:37
And then what kind of data, did you typically collect like market research.

Unknown 4:48
So opinions on like the products. Yeah, I mean, this usually come in like fear response for this like numbers or is this like multiple choice questions. I'm usually like on a scale of, like, one to five and free response question. Okay cool so both like qualitative quantitative stuff,

Unknown 5:13
need to be a few examples of maybe the questions you'd ask or questions you have asked in the past.

Unknown 5:21
Like how difficult Do you find it to use this product on a scale of 125 being very easy five being very difficult. Okay, awesome. And then what applications used to create or did you use to create and distribute surveys, either Survey Monkey or Google Forms.

Unknown 5:42
And earlier you to reiterate You said you didn't really use any non digital methods. Okay.

Unknown 5:53
So I'm going to ask you to do a couple of typical research tasks, and when you're doing these tasks. use whatever websites or tools the new normal use. So you can use Survey Monkey or Google Forms, like you said, and then please think aloud, which means okay we're running dialogue of what's going on in your noggin. Okay.

Unknown 6:16
Okay, so the first task is to create a new digital survey and the survey is going to include two different types of question.

Unknown 6:28
So you can go ahead and use my computer to do that.

Unknown 6:37
Um, so I would probably use Survey Monkey. So I go to the survey monkey website.

Unknown 6:51
And then I log in.

Unknown 7:05
Login using my Google, because I don't remember any of my other login.

Unknown 7:27
Okay, so I'm supposed to create a segue. Yeah. Okay, so I'm on the homepage of Survey Monkey, and then literally right in the middle of the page it says Create survey so I would click on that button.

Unknown 7:47
And then it asks me if I want to run monkey to build the survey for me or if I want to build it myself.

Unknown 7:58
And I would choose build it myself.

Unknown 8:02
And then I'd probably just start from scratch and not use a template.

Unknown 8:08
Why would you want to start from scratch. I'm only because I'm not really sure what kind of surgery I'm creating. So I would just go and start from scratch, so I can do something generic.

Unknown 8:23
And then what do you want me to name to just anything you would do like within the bounds of your intention.

Unknown 8:37
Okay, so I entered the name. Okay, and under survey category, the market research.

Unknown 8:46
And then for survey format, I would do classic.

Unknown 8:55
And then create the survey.

Unknown 9:06
Okay, so now what I do.

Unknown 9:10
Enter two different types of questions.

Unknown 9:14
Okay.

Unknown 9:15
So for my first question, I will do like how much or how difficult was it for you to use a product, said enter that in question one. And this question would be a

Unknown 9:38
slide or question. Just kidding, not that one. Okay, rating scale.

Unknown 9:49
And then I would make it a single row rating scale, or check off that one, and then start from like extremely easy to monitor Lee easy.

Unknown 10:16
Neither easy nor difficult and

Unknown 10:27
difficult

Unknown 10:31
extremely difficult.

Unknown 10:35
I make sure matched up with the correct weight, depending on how I wanted to analyze the data afterwards, the extremes would be either like one or five.

Unknown 10:50
So for now.

Unknown 10:53
I probably just leave extremely easy one, and then extremely difficult. Five.

Unknown 11:00
And then I'd save the question.

Unknown 11:05
And then I'd add a new question, and I do like. What did you like about the product. And I'd make this a free response question. I would choose comment box and then click Save.

Unknown 11:29
Awesome.

Unknown 11:33
And can you go ahead and send the survey to my email, which is Michael Bennett, calm, as if I were a customer. Okay, as if you're a customer. Yeah. Okay. So then after I added the two questions, I'd click the Next button.

Unknown 11:54
To finalize it.

Unknown 11:57
And then I'd go through the preview and make sure the questions I want are on there.

Unknown 12:03
And then I would click the Next button again.

Unknown 12:11
So then it asked me how I want to click responses and since I'm sending it to a specific person, I would click Send survey your way.

Unknown 12:20
And then I would send it by email since I have your email.

Unknown 12:32
And then in the Send to. I would type in your email.

Unknown 12:39
And then they already generated a subject line that says we want your opinion. I like that. I'm just going to keep it.

Unknown 12:46
And then they also generated a message that says we're conducting a survey and your input would be appreciated, click the button below to start the survey thank you for participation. And I think that's good too so just click Next.

Unknown 13:06
And I believe that, I think, Yeah, nothing's happening so I guess it is.

Unknown 13:14
There's no confirmation message.

Unknown 13:18
Unless it's frozen I'm not sure.

Unknown 13:21
Well I guess we'll we'll find out when I check my email later but I think that's good enough for the tasks.

Unknown 13:33
And so, what made you think of those two questions that you generated. Those are the most commonly asked questions on all the surveys that I done.

Unknown 13:46
Okay.

Unknown 13:50
And so, how did you decide what types of questions.

Unknown 13:57
I guess thats related to the same question.

Unknown 14:00
How much time do you would usually spend on this this took about six minutes. I'm usually the series that I make her a lot longer. They're like, 15 questions so I feel like it takes me like

Unknown 14:16
45 minutes.

Unknown 14:21
Are you happy with like the final service, and the way that you're able to.

Unknown 14:26
Well, first of all, are you happy with the way the surveys turned out.

Unknown 14:31
Yeah, I mean, I think they're pretty straightforward. And it's easy for the participant to navigate.

Unknown 14:41
And then are you satisfied with the way you can distribute it.

Unknown 14:48
Yeah, I like that survey monkey like auto generates the message for you but you can also have the option of customizing it. But I guess it was a little confusing to know whether or not the survey was actually said like there was no confirmation at the end.

Unknown 15:05
And you talked about how SurveyMonkey auto generates the message. Have you had any issues with like branding like since you worked for a certain company.

Unknown 15:20
They want you to craft messages with their brands that are serving monkeys or anything like that.

Unknown 15:26
Um, I didn't really have any issues with the is.

Unknown 15:33
Yeah, we like told the participants beforehand that they would be getting a link to survey monkey. So, there wasn't really an issue with that. And then why did you choose Survey Monkey was this like just company standard. Yeah, the company has an account and that's what they mainly use so I just use that. Okay, great.

Unknown 15:55
Do you ever store your questions somewhere where you can reference them for maybe surveys that you need to create later on, new products, maybe you want the same insights on different products. There's usually like a template that we use of like different questions to pull from. They just save them in like the shared drive. Yeah, the company.

Unknown 16:19
So, separate from Survey Monkey website. Yeah, like on box. Okay, and like a Word document. Yeah.

Unknown 16:28
And this works pretty well it's just a copy paste or is it a little bit of a hassle to get it.

Unknown 16:35
Um, I think it works pretty well. I mean, I guess it is kind of annoying that you'd have to copy and paste every single question. I think Survey Monkey has like an option where you can import questions that are somewhere else I've never tried it so I'm not sure. Okay. Um, let's see. Just a few more questions are almost done.

Unknown 17:01
Have you ever had any problems

Unknown 17:07
with setting up the survey on a digital platform.

Unknown 17:11
I'm not really but sometimes if like, I want to do like a matrix question and it's really big matrix. And I want to look at our preview how it would look like on a mobile device. It sometimes it's hard to to you, because the matrix is so big, but I mean I don't have any problems setting it up it's just the other end again.

Unknown 17:32
So, either. Yeah. Okay. And then So, have you ever had any problems with distributing maybe emails didn't go through or anything like that.

Unknown 17:43
Not really

Unknown 17:49
touched on,

Unknown 17:53
and then Have you ever use social media for digital distribution.

Unknown 18:00
Yeah, we've like shared the link to surveys on like Instagram and stuff to get more people to fill them out.

Unknown 18:10
And then there's this like sampling issues I know. Research is supposed to assert. Sometimes you can find the sample to certain populations, or is this just something you deal with later.

Unknown 18:24
Well, at the beginning of the survey we asked them to fill out like basic demographic questions and then we just filter out like which responses fit into the certain group that we're looking for. Alright.

Unknown 18:40
So earlier you told me that matrix questions pose a little bit of a problem on the user end.

Unknown 18:46
But is that are there any like tests that take you a while to complete when reading the service.

Unknown 19:00
Not really I think just like pretty straightforward typing in your question, like as long as you know what you want to ask, relatively easy.

Unknown 19:14
He's talked about how you have a.

Unknown 19:17
You have a template of questions that you use, typically, but are there any methods that fighters have been using repeatedly

Unknown 19:32
methods for what like creating a survey and be like, constantly copy pasting from the template or writing rewriting the same question over and over again.

Unknown 19:49
Um, yeah. Sometimes it takes a while to copy and paste but if I'm doing like a survey that's really similar to like a previous survey, I'll just duplicate the previous survey and then edit it from there so it's not as much work.

Unknown 20:07
But that's only if the survey, the new survey that I'm creating is relatively similar to a past one.

Unknown 20:19
Alright. But even then you'd have to change. Go ahead, go ahead and choose the details are. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown 20:28
Okay. And then, what would you describe us like the perfect tool for data collection.

Unknown 20:44
I think survey monkey is pretty good for collecting data.

Unknown 20:51
I guess it is kind of hard if you want to personalize it like aesthetics wise to match with your brand.

Unknown 21:00
But I feel like it's a good tool because it also creates like graphs and tables with the data once it's been collected.

Unknown 21:13
So sort of something that's all in one, or you can create distribute and then analyze at the end. Yeah.

Unknown 21:21
So I've been asking a lot of questions Is there anything you want to ask you know. Okay, thank you for all your time.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai